Merge development_3.0 into development (#4407)
ARMmbed/mbedtls: BRANCHES.md

  this always contains the latest release, including all publicly available
  security fixes.
- The [`development`](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbedtls/tree/development) branch:
  this is where new features normally land, as well as bug fixes and security
  fixes.

> - The [`development_2.x`] branch:

Reviewer: Missing link.

>   this is where new features normally land, as well as bug fixes and security
>   fixes.
> - The [`development_2.x`] branch:
>   this is where features and bug-fixes destined for 2.x land.

Reviewer: Here's my suggested text:
```suggestion
   this is where the next major version of Mbed TLS (version 3.0 is being
   prepared. It has API changes that make it incompatible with Mbed TLS 2.x,
   as well as all the new features and bug fixes and security fixes.
- The [`development_2.x`](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbedtls/tree/development_2.x) branch:
   this branch retains the API of Mbed TLS 2.x, and has a subset of the
   features added after Mbed TLS 2.26.0 and bug fixes and security fixes.
```
